# WorldCupPredictor
## Application Function
A machine learning model designed to predict the world cup winner.  Complete with a UI that allows a user to change the teams and team statistics (ATT, DEF, MID, OVR) to produce a custom prediction.
## Implementation Methodology
We decided to use a simple linear regression for our model and gathered our training data by webscraping several different sites and compiling that data together into a single dataframe.  We then converted our model into a pkl file to make it easier to reference from the backend file and for our UI we used relatively simple html and connected everything together using a python file which converted the user-imputed data into a dataframe and passed that into our model.
## Running the App
To run the app, clone the repository and navigate to it in your terminal.  Then run the command python app.py which will give you a link to run the project locally.
## Reflection
Our original goal was to deploy this app to heroku but have been having a very hard time getting that to work especially with direct github deployment having been down for the past 2 weeks.  After trying unsuccessfully to deploy on various other platforms like aws, digitalocean, and IBM cloud we've decided to give up on the online deployment aspect of this project.  Currently it works great when deployed to a local server which can be done by running the command python app.py in the command line after cloning this repository and navigating to its location.  Overall, its very disapointing not to have been able to deploy our project, but we've still been able to accomplish some really cool things here and this was overall a great learning experience.  We've still been able to create a project that we're both very proud of and hope to continue to work on this to make it better after submission.
